Mr. Sun, the things have been brought back.
However, Qin Yuantu was still unconscious
Vegetables was going to send someone to sit him
But the other party is secretly protected by someone at the imperial court in the mansion
There's no way to start.
Congratulations on being hard enough
It doesn't die
Forget it, these are extraordinary times
No need to go overboard
Just find someone to keep an eye on it
I heard that the juniors of the Qin family are also investigating this case
And just got back from the Kokusai
I don't know why
Humph
Swarm of ants
overreach
Trying to court death with my Sun family apprentice
What adults say
Then send someone to kill them
No, nothing else.
Just a bunch of untouchables
I haven't let go of your heart yet
But that one is called Qin Feng
Don't you have to live?
And what is Qinger busy with now?
The eldest son replied
In the brothel, this bad boy will die in his daughter's belly sooner or later
You tell him
Can't handle Qin Feng
Go straight back to your hometown
People are courting death
Then don't blame me for being ruthless